You've got the expertise, you've got the content, but turning that into actual training,
that's a whole different challenge.
Traditional training focuses on delivering information.
We don't do that.
At Design X Factor, we obsess over the experience because learning isn't just about delivering
content, it's about creating journeys that feel personal to each customer.
We take your content and transform it into personalized engaging training using proven
instructional design, UX principles, and AI technology.
So your team actually learns, retains, and applies what matters.
Design X Factor.
Let's make learning an unforgettable experience.